[1,1,2,3]You bite hard into the hand covering your mouth and taste blood. The man yelps, startlingly high pitched. “[Xe] bit me.” He says.

“Oi! That’s rude, you piece of fuck.” A second male voice says from closer to the bed than you would like. You let out a shout of alarm and push yourself backwards away from the two attackers. 

“Shhhhhhh!” a female voice says from closer to the door, sounding angry. “Keep it down. We don’t want to be caught.” 

Yes, you fucking do. You open your mouth to shout “Oh no you don’t” the second male says and tackles you down onto the floor. You choke on your shout. He’s smaller than the first man but even still the force of him knocks the wind out of you.

“Quickly, Greg. Tie [Xer] up.” The woman says.

The first man grunts. “I’m on it, Boss.”

You struggle against the one on top of you, still not able to catch your breath. He grabs your hands, “Stop! Moving!” he lets out, sounding strained.

Greg saves you the trouble of trying to shout more by shoving a cloth in your mouth. His hand is red but not bleeding despite how hard you bit him. “Pass me the rope, Patrick. I didn’t bring any.” Greg says.

“I’m a little busy here!” Patrick says. You spit the cloth out in his face.

Greg just calmly picks it up and puts it back in your mouth before you can make a noise. For fuck's sake. People are sleeping in the rooms on either side of you. If you could just make enough noise. Greg rifles through Patrick's coat while Patrick struggles to hold you down and quickly finds some rope.

“Hey, Greg. Do you think - Urgh - do you think we could trade places? You being the strong one and all.” Patrick says. You buck up under him and kick out but you can’t get free.

Greg drops the rope and grabs you by the wrists with much stronger hands than Patrick’s. You can hardly struggle. He is much stronger than the smaller Patrick. Though, to be fair, your strength has been waining for a while now.

Patrick makes quick work of securing the rope around your mouth, tying the cloth in place in your mouth. 

“Really, we should have done this from the start.” Patrick says, ”We have a much better dynamic when you’re the one doing the heavy lifting with me as your right-hand man.” He raises his voice a little, “Plus you as our leader and look-out, Boss.” He says looking over Greg’s shoulder to the woman at the door.

“Yes. Well.” She says, voice a harsh whisper, ”My job would be easier if you shut up and did yours. We are in enemy territory right now you know. It’s a miracle no one has woken up yet.”

“Right you are, Boss.” Patrick says and salutes, dropping one end of the rope and letting the knot he had been working on around your legs unravel. You kick out at him and hit him in the shin but Greg grabs your leg before you can do any real damage. “Oof. Bugger.”

They don’t take much longer tying you up and when Greg shoves a black bag over your head you don’t have room enough to fight. 

You get hauled over Greg’s shoulder. “Done are we?” the Boss asks.

“[Xe]’s all wrapped up for you, Boss,” Patrick says. Greg pats you on the head the bag and you set off.


[C1,1,2,1,1,1]be carried.
[END]