[1,1,2,1,1]You punch the closest one right in the chin, the highest you can reach. They let out a deep grunt but don’t budge from on top of you.

“Tie [Xer] up. We need to get out of here.” A woman’s voice says from the other side of the room near the door. Oh fuck no. Fuck this. There is no way you’re going anywhere with these people. 

“Little busy here.” Says the man holding you down. He has grabbed your free arm but you are not making it easy for him.

“Not you, Greg. Patrick!” She shout whispers. “Where’s the rucksack!” 

“Greg’s got it, boss.” The man tying you up says. He pulls the cloth tight around your mouth and you flinch as it digs into your skin.

“We’ll, get it from him and put it on the kid. We have to move.”

“I’m not sure [Xe]’s a kid, boss. [Xe]’s been working in the factory I hear. Must be at least my age.” Gag-man Patrick says as he rustles around in the pockets of strong-man Greg. You try and head-butt him but the angle isn’t right and end up just lightly knocking your head against his arm.

“Semantics, Patrick. You’re all kids to me. Just hurry up. We have to be out of here ASAP if we want to not wake the whole bloody building.” Patrick seems to find what he was looking for because be pulls out from Greg’s endless pockets and shoves a heavy cloth bag over your head.

“Right you are, boss.” He says. You gag as he pulls it tight around your neck. Your arms are tied up next, tightly bound behind your back with thick rope. Then your legs are tied as well.

Greg finally shifts off you and you gasp out a deep breath, panting through your nose into the inside of the sack. 

“Right. We ready boys?” says the boss.

“All tied up and ready to go, Boss.” Patrick replies, slightly too loudly. He is shushed promptly by the Boss lady but you can only hope someone heard him anyway.

In a rush you are picked up and hauled over someone’s shoulder - Greg from the size of them. You have been throughly acquainted by his bulk at this point.


[C1,1,2,1,1,1]Be carried.
[END]