[2]Eve opens her mouth to reply to you then clamps it shut, glancing at the tall man. Did he force her to join? He looks between you and her. "A friend, is it Eve?"

"My [XTHER] actually." Eve replies but she isn't looking at him, she's looking at you. You don't know what your face is doing right now but it incites her into saying, "I'm sorry, [NAME]. You wouldn't understand. The Vagabonds aren't trying to hurt anyone."

"Of course we aren't, Eve. That you even feel the need to state it-" He looks at you. It's about at that time that you remember that these Vagabonds have committed an unknown number of atrocities against your city. You tense, taking your eyes from Eve's to meet his. "Ah, but of course. [NAME] was it? I don't think we've met before. My name is Rasputin. I wont presume your sister has had the forethought to tell you but I am the leader of the Vagabonds."

Oh Fuck. The Leader. "Oh - ah. Right. Right." You gulp. What are you still doing here? Your eyes flick back to your sister, looking for an explanation. 

"[NAME]. I should have told you, I know, but it's not like I didn't try. You have always been so stuck up on working in that shitty fucking factory-" Rasputin raises his hand and your sisters mouth clicks shut immediately. 

"It must have come as a shock, your sister joining our group." A cramp has developed in your left calf from standing tense for so long. You dare not more. "I know how we must seem from the outside. You must think that by working in The Factory you are protecting everyone in the city who can't work themselves. Yet the Vagabonds can work yet choose not to."

"I don't understand. Evey time a worker leaves the Factory the other workers have to pick up the slack. We can't keep doing this. It's killing us. If you understand this why then. Why are you doing it?" you ask. If he knows why you hate the Vagabonds, if he knows why you think they are scum who turned against their own people, then why?

Choices:

[C02]1. Continue Story
[C02]2. Continue Story
[C02]3. Continue Story
[End]