[1.1.2.1.1.1.1]You are dumped on the ground surprisingly gently by Greg. The sack is pulled off your head and you squint against the sudden light. You are in a dark windowless room with a heavy metal door guarding the only way in or out. It’s currently open but Greg positions his bulk in the doorway in its stead.

“Alright pipsqueak lets get these ropes off ‘a you.” Patrick says. He starts untying you, starting with the foul tasting gag in your mouth. 

As soon as the gag is out you speak. “What do you want with me.”

“Eh?” Patrick asks, working on untying your feet next. “Don’t look at me. I don’t fuckin’ know. What about you Greg? Do you know?” He asks behind him.

Greg shrugs and glances behind you. You look up to see the women they call ‘Boss’ standing behind you.

“Don’t worry about that right now. Rasputin will be down to check on you soon enough. If you’re lucky he will tell you then.”

“How can you tell be not to worry. You fucking kidnapped me. I’m here for some shady fucking reason-. Do you honestly think that after all this I’m going to help you guys with-. With whatever the fuck it is you want from me?”

“Listen I don’t ask questions.” Patrick says tugging you towards him by your hands. You were talking at the Boss but she looks like she’s happy for Patrick to take this one. “They just point me in a direction and I go. You might not trust us right now but you’re gonna understand one of these days that we are on the right side of this.”

“He’s right you know.” Greg says. “We’re gonna save everyone.”

“Are you almost done there Patrick.” The Boss says. “It’s late and I still need to report to Rasputin.”

Only your hands are still tied. Patrick keeps unwinding the rope around your hands. “Almost, boss. I’m on watch tonight right? You two get some rest. I’ll make sure this one stays put till tomorrow.” 

The Boss grunts and steps over you just as the last piece of rope falls from your hands. You think about attacking them as Patrick stands up with a creak and a groan and ducks under Gregs arm to get out the door but decide against it. 

Your limbs are stiff and sore from being carried and even getting up off the floor is going to be an effort. 

The door clicks shut behind Greg and through the window Patrick calls out. “I’ll be on the other side of this door and I don’t fucking sleep so don’t think about trying nothin’.” 

Great.

You glance around and notice a cot behind you. It’s got blankets on it even though you probably won’t need them. It’s a long way away from the cold season.

You manage to haul yourself to your feet and flop down into it.

You have no idea what will happen in the morning, ahead of you stretches a field of unfathomable unknown bullshit. 

Before you can spiral too far into thoughts of ‘why you’ you fall asleep. It has been a long day.


[C1.1.2.1.1.1.1.1]be woken up.