[1,1,1,2,3,1,1]It doesn’t take you long to get to the Vagabonds hideout. Your group approaches a man leaning against a nondescript door. He nods to Boss. “I see the mission went well, Boss.”

“Better than expected,” Boss says. She ducks past him through the door and you all follow. You’re pulled down a short entryway and through another door at the end. 

You’re somewhat shocked to find the next room crawling with vagabonds. Your eyes dart around, trying to take in all the people milling about. People in nightcaps and stripy pyjamas sit around with hot drinks in their hands while others in the usual black Vagabond clothes move around and through more doorways.

Your group marches forward through the throng and people seem to see Boss and part ways. You guess she’s pretty high up in the ranks to hold that much respect. As if the name doesn’t give it away.

Boss pushes through one of the doors lining the walls and are greeted by a small office. You recognise the man behind the desk immediately.

Greg pushes you to the front of the group so that you’re standing beside Boss. “Mission success.” She says.

Rasputin looks up. “Excellent. Right on schedule. I trust you didn’t give them too mush trouble?” he asks of you.

“No. I… I guess not. Wait.” You say shaking your head.  You turn to Boss, “Were you out looking for me? Why?”

“On request of me of course.” Rasputin says. “What matters is what you’re planning to do now. My vagabonds and I are in a difficult position. With you here we could complete our sole purpose before tomorrows end. The question is whether you are willing to join us.”

“I’m here to find my sister.” You say. 

“Ah.” Rasputin replies, leaning back in his chair, “Eve. Yes, fair enough. She’s out on a mission with Ellie-May. It’s a small matter. They should be back within the hour. You can see her than. But back to the point at hand; will you join us?” 

“What exactly is your goal?” You ask.

Rasputin walks around the table, looking over at the far wall of the office. It sports a giant map of Fargos, from the city centre, to the Factory, to all edges of the Fringes. You see traces of tunnels you’ve never seen before crossing under paths you walk everyday and detailed patterns of paths connecting well marked points that reach as far as to the Bioforms start growing.

“Our goal is to leave this city.” He says. “We know there is something else out there - other people, even. Whatever it may be, it must be better then this wretched existence.”

He turns back you you, unknown emotions swirling through his eyes.

“You’ve been working in the factory a while, yes? You’ve seen what it’s like. It’s hell down there - bitter endless hell. Whatever it is that’s out there, beyond the outer edges of Fragos, it must be better than staying here. And with you, we could find it. We could finally be free from this place.”

You hesitate, not sure what to say. You are somewhat taken aback. What can you do that all these other people can’t? Why does he think you hold enough power to lead the people of Fragos to a better life?

Rasputin turns away from both you and the map and settles back into his chair behind the desk. “The only question is, is whether you will help me. There are six hours until our next chance for escape. Will you join us?” He asks from his seated position in front of you.


[C1,1,1,2,3,1,1,1]”OK.” You say, Rasputin lets out a breath and runs a hand through his hair.

[C1,1,1,2,3,1,1,2]”I - No.” You say. “What are you talking about. There is nothing out there for us - the factory is our only chance.”
[END]