[1,1,1,1,3,2,2]You head towards home, walking as quietly as you can. You can almost hear the voices if you stop and strain to listen to them. Every time you do you adjust your path home, taking detours that lead you further away from the group of voices.

Luckily, they seem to be heading deeper into the Fringes away from your route home. You let out a sign of relief and stop once more to listen for them. They are so far away now that you can no longer hear them, even with how dead silent the night is. 

A bone deep tiredness has settled over you now. What were you thinking? Why did you run out after your sister like that? Stupid. This city is too vast and too unknown. There was no way you could have found her. 

Chances are there is some secret Vagabond passageway out to their hide-out you never would have stumbled upon anyway. 

And now, because you decided to run out after Eve, you just know you’re going to be even more exhausted than normal during work tomorrow.

You see a shadow shifting out of your periphery before you’re tackled to the hard pavement by a large shape. 

The wind is knocked out of you. You wheeze out a breath, stunned. The shape - a large man - is pressing you down into the pavement with his weight. 

You can’t breathe.

Two more shapes come into your line of sight - more people. “Whoop!” one of them says - a man, “We got ‘[Xm], boss. What are the chances, eh?” Fuck. Are these guys fucking Vagabonds?

You finally pull in a painful breath to shout, “Get the fuck off me!” - hoping someone will hear you. But you know you are still too far away from home. No one but Vagabonds would dare be out this far this late at night. 

Apart from your stupid fucking ass.

“Get the gag, Patrick. We have no time to waste.” A woman’s voice says - the third Vagabond. 

You are so fucked. “No! Get off - mmmmmph!” While the first man still crushes you, muffling your yelling by virtue of the weight pressing on your lungs - the other man pulls out a foul smelling cloth and stuffs it in your open mouth. 

You thrash and try to push the cloth out but he ties another one around your mouth, keeping the first in place.

“Great work with that tackle, Greg. Truly astounding if I do say so myself.” The second man - Patrick - says, tying the gag off with a sharp tug that digs into your skin. You wince.

“All in a days work.” The man on top of you says. You thrash but his hold on you is too solid and your already tired body is worn out after running off into the night like you did.

“Which pocket is the rucksack in, Greg? I can never remember where you shove things in the big coat of yours.” Your mind is whirring, trying to think of a way to escape. One of your hands isn’t pinned under you and you claw at the gag.

“Bottom right.” Greg says, he pulls your hand away from your face by the wrist and when you manage to pull your other arm free from under you he grabs that too. Patrick riffles through Greg’s coat and pulls out a black bag which he promptly shove over your head and pulls tight. It’s musty and unpleasantly warm. 

“Well, this was easier then I expected.” The woman says. “And to think we thought we missed [Xer] too. What are the chances we would stumble upon [Xer] on the way back home after calling the mission a failure. Rasputin will be amused.”

Greg shifts his weight off of you, pulling you up by your wrists which he still has gripped tight in his fists. He has pulled you up so high your feet don’t touch the ground.


[C1,1,1,1,3,2,2,1]Kick him as you dangle from his hands.

[C1,1,1,1,3,2,2,2]Let them take you. 
[END]