[02.1.1]The other vagabonds meet up with you at the entrance and you all head down, several of them pulling out flashlights to light the way. The Robots have mad their way onto the tracks and are heading in the direction of Town.

It's a slow walk.  

You did your fair share of exploring back in your youth with Eve, before you both had to start work in the Factory. You even went all the way to the edge. That was where you discovered your Aspect. Both you and Eve were immune to the polin. Though there is a slight difference. You Aspect manifests itself as a sort of invisible shield, a barrier that the polin cannot permeate whereas Eve herself is immune to the polin and though she has breathed it in she has never gotten sick.

People still go to the edge of the city even though they know of the dangers of the Bioforms poison. You know because kids still come home teary-eyed and sneezing and are rushed inside by their mothers to get the yellow dust cleaned out of their clothes. 

Most of them don't die.

Most of them stay in bed for a few days and shake until the small amount of poisonous polin clears through their system.

You and your sister though had gone deep into the trees and never caught their sickness. Your friends had stuck by your side and been safe too. Your shield had grown as you aged and as long as they stayed close, they stayed healthy.

Your party of Vagabonds come to a halt as the Robots stop ahead of you. You watch as they lower their packages, lining them up in a neat pile.

There are no obvious landmarks you can see in the darkness. You've passed several side passages and the tracks have widened and shrunk as paths have converged. If your estimations are correct you have been heading towards town and should now be close to its center if you haven't passed under it entirely.

"The Robots will head back the way they came if you want to confirm that too." Eve says, looking bored. 


[C2.1.1.1]You want to get back to the Flytecraft. "Maybe I do. Maybe I want to see where they go after they get back." You say to Eve.

[C2.1.1.2]"Who comes down to collect the packages?" You ask Rasputin, ignoring your sister remark. 

[C2.1.1.3]"I think I've seen enough of these Robots. I believe you." You say to Rasputin. He nods, looking satisfied.

[End]