[1.2]"OK." You say rubbing a hand down your face. How do you even begin to address what your sister had done. "I saw you with the rebels today"" you glance up at her. "Bad choice on your part I'm afraid."


She chuckles weakly and looks away. "Yeah. Well" Staying at the factory is the shittier option. It hurt me to work there - it's hurting you! Look at you, you're falling asleep as we talk." You straighten your spine and try to look more awake from where you were slumped down in your seat. Eve frowns at your apparent recovery. "Do you have any idea how much better I'm feeling? I get to sleep!"

"I sleep-" you say.

"-for more then a shitty fist full of hours. I get actual restful deep sleep for more then a couple days in a row. When has The Fucking Factory ever done that for you, little [Xther]?"

You dismis her words with a shake of your head. "Wait. How long have you even been hanging around with these fucks?" You vaguely recall noticing her absence at home a few times but you're normally too tired to think about diner let alone something as strenuous as contemplating the absence of someone who isn't even there.


"A couple weeks now." Eve says, not ashamed in the slightest. "They asked me to join actually after they heard about my Aspect. Which, I don't know why they're interested in that. I only makes me immune to the Bioform gasses." You frown more and more as she continues talking. "They must be trying to get out of the city or something? Honestly I don't really give a shit as long as they keep letting me live in their bunker."


"You'd sell your soul for anything wouldn't you." You mutter mostly to yourself, leaning back in your chair so far you can no longer see her.


You hear Eve stand. "Yeah well hit me up when you want to feel alive again. I'm done working for that shit fueled factory. I'm out. And I'm never going back." She walks away from that table.


You fume for a second as Eve starts gathering her stuff from around the room. You don't understand why she can trust them when everything they're doing goes against the greater good. By not working in The Factory the Vagabonds just put their share of the work onto everyone else. 


The factory protects everyone and the Vagabonds should know that. Eve should know that! The heavy smog it pumps into the air day in and day out forms a powerful chemical barrier against the Bioforms native to this planet. If it weren't for The Factory all of Fragos, your safe-haven in the forest, would have been slaughtered with the rest of the world in the Bioforms first attack.


And your sister is just thinking of her beauty sleep. Typical. 


She stops behind you where you are still slumped over the table. "You could join us." She says, her tone cautious and hopeful.


"You could shut up." You reply, voice muffled from where your face is pressed into your arm. 


She doesn't say anything else and before long the door is clicking closed behind her.


[C1.1.1]You can't let her do this. You slap yourself to back awake and pull yourself back to your feet. Then before you can second guess your sudden resolve you run out into the night to look for Eve.

[C1.1.2]She can look after herself for one night. You pull yourself to your feet just long enough to strip your uniform off and crawl into bed. You are so tired.

[C1.1.3]Sleep drags your eyes back closed. You fall asleep at the table.

[End]