[1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.2]”This is a top secret Vagabond mission. It’s to do with my aspect. Apparently they’ve been looking for someone who can survive out where the Bioforms are for years now.” Eve is striding ahead almost faster than you can keep up. Neither you nor the other girl interjects. 

Eve continues, “Who would have thunk it, eh? We always thought our Aspects were so useless but it’s what they’ve been looking for the entire goddamn time!” Eve grins at you while the girl with her continues to stare at you, impassive. 

“So what,” You say, “They want to live out in the wilderness? Is that it?” 

“I don’t know. I haven’t asked. Being a Vagabond got me away from that shitty fucking Factory so if they want me to go out and test my Aspect with Ellie-May-” 

“Hi.” Ellie-May says, speaking for the first time.

“-then I fucking will.” Eve finishes.

“Eve won’t stop talking about you.” 

“What!” Eve says, “No, I don’t. Fuck you.” She shoves Ellie-May who just giggles and keeps walking just out of Eve’s reach. Cute.

“Anyway,” Eve says turning back to you, “Ellie-May here can mimic other people’s aspects-”

“Some people’s Aspects.” Ellie-May interjects.

“-some other people’s Aspects.” Eve continues, “So we’re going to see if she can become immune to toxins too.”

“You’re going to expose her to the toxins and see if doesn’t she die? Is that it?” You ask.

“No, stupid, She has a monitor on.” At this Ellie-May pulls out a small handheld device that you can see is wired into her arm. It’s what the doctor uses to check Bioform pollen levels in blood to determine if a patient is doomed or just caught a cold. 

“Huh.” You say. “Smart.”

“Come on. We’re near the edge.” 


It’s only a few minutes before you start seeing green. The glow reflecting off the smog clouds has grown steadily stronger as you get closer to the Bioforms. Soon specks of light start showing up, clinging to buildings and in cracks in the road. For anyone else this would be terrifying, your worst nightmare, but both you and Eve have been immune to toxins your whole lives and so have had no need to fear for your own lives out here.

You briefly wonder if your own Aspect will interfere with the data Eve and Ellie-May are trying to gather. Your immunity is like a barrier that spreads out from your body, neutralising any toxins that enter into it. 

You don’t think Eve has realised her mistake.

“This is stupid.” You say. Eve glares at you.

“And why, pray tell, is this stupid.”

“My Aspect dummy. Even if you didn’t have the Aspects you have, you would all be immune anyway.”

Eve purses her lips, looking at you, then squints. “How big is your radius again?” She asks.

“Dunno. Big.” You say. You would estimate it to be enough to cover the whole house you live in seeing as no one gets sick as long as you’re home. It’s at least big enough to cover the furnace floor at The Factory. No one has gotten black lung since you started working there and that used to be rampant.

“You’re useless. Go stand over there. We have testing to do.” She says.

“I don’t think that’ll be far enough. When I said big I meant fucking huge.”

“Urgh.” She groans. “Fucking hell. Why did you have to be out here. Ok. New plan. Me and Ellie-May are going to test if her Aspect can absorb mine from here - there should be enough pollen here where we’re standing to get a reading - and you are going to keep walking in that direction-” She points towards the edge where green glowing Bioforms start growing in thicker and thicker. “- until you’re out of range. Got it?”


[C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.2.1]”Got it.” You say, and start walking in the direction she pointed. It’s not like the Bioforms can hurt you anyway.

[C1.1.1.1.2.1.1.1.1.1.2]”Hey. How about fuck that idea. I’m going home.” You say, backing away. 


