[1.1.2.1.2]You punch the closest one right in the balls. He lets out a squeak and topples over sideways away from you. You feel a wash of bitter satisfaction from bringing your attachers down a peg.

“Greg! No!” The person at your head yells. He stops where he was tying the gag in place over your mouth and you take the opportunity to head-butt him as hard as you can with the back of your skull. 

His face makes a disgusting crunching noise on contact but you have no time to think about that. The third attacker comes towards you with three quick strides from where they were standing guard at the door.

“Fucking hell Patrick.” She says in a harsh whisper, “Keep it down. We don’t want this whole building down on us.” They might not but you fucking do. You want to scream for help and bring the whole building down upon them. Fuck. The gag is still in place. You can only hope someone decides to come and see what Patrick’s screaming was about before these people do whatever the fuck they are trying to do to you.

You scramble away from all of them, trying to get past and get to the door. If you can get out and get to someone else’s room-. Patrick, dripping blood from his nose, makes to grab you around the waist, arms and all. You slip one arm free and bonk him on the head a few times with your fist, trying to distract him from pinning down your other limbs.

The only thing between you and safety is a gag and four sets of hands. Your eyes dart to the door, trying to size up your escape route.

The woman sighs and lightly thumps her boot against strong-man Greg where he is still clutching himself and slumped over. “At least he’s quiet about it.”

Patrick clings tighter to you, attempting to pin down your other arm and you struggle, kicking out desperately. You manage to hit Greg again and he grunts but Patrick just clings tighter. “Blimey fucking christ. Stay still!” Patrick hisses at you.

“Can you not subdue one half-starved worker, Patrick?” the boss says.

“[Xe]’s a wiley one, boss.” Patrick replies. You manage to elbow him in the stomach with the last of your draining strength. Somehow he still hasn’t managed to pin your free arm down even as your struggling grows weaker with your growing exhaustion. “A little help would be appreciated?” He wheezes. 


[C1,1,2,1,2,a]Continue.
[END]
